Meeting minutes - Sunday, March 1, 5:00 PM

* Need to have front end -- andrew will be working on it
* * any specific specifications? Doesn't need to be fancy. Simplest React app
* * Okay to use swing? Doesn't seem like he cares, lab ones are just examples

* Need to have a few features, like making a group

* Need to have a controller, maybe for creating a group and creating people -- Logan
  Will need to work with Andrew to figure out the JSON

* Assuming students already exist in the db, -- Riley and Omar cuz it will be a lot of work
What we should have for the next it

* README && Move stuff from docs file, look over example ORM -- Riley

**Need to rename person list to classroom**

**Everyone track your process in the kanban board under "Projects"**

**Make sure you don't push to master, make a branch and then a PR**
